Super-Voxel Evaluation Benchmark
Authors: Chenliang Xu and Jason J. Corso
Email: chenlian@buffalo.edu, jcorso@buffalo.edu
Date: 2011-11-21
Revision: 0

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
If using this code (the segmentation methods and/or the benchmark), please cite:

C. Xu and J. J. Corso. Evaluation of super-voxel methods for early video 
processing. In Proceedings of IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern 
Recognition, 2012.

If also publishing results including Chen's data set, please cite:

A. Y. C. Chen and J. J. Corso. Propagating Multi-class Pixel Labels throughout 
Video Frames. In Proceedings of 2010 Western New York Image Processing Workshop 
(WNYIPW), 2010.

The CVPR 2012 paper uses three data sets (Chen, GaTech and SegTrack), but the Chen 
data set is the only one from our group.  Hence it is the only one we can 
include in this release.  The other two data sets are available from their 
original authors (e.g., 
http://cpl.cc.gatech.edu/projects/SegTrack/SegTrack_201102.zip).


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
DIRECTORY STRUCTURE OF THE BENCHMARK CODE

svxbench/
        /README                   ---- this file
        /EVALUATION.m             ---- the main benchmark driver script
        /code                     ---- the m-files for the benchmark
        /Data-set                 ---- the original video frames 
        /Ground-truth             ---- the ground-truth video frames
        /XuCorso_CVPR2012_mat     ---- the full set of benchmark results from 
                                     - our paper

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
USAGE

1. DATA SETUP

We include Chen's complete data set 
(http://www.cse.buffalo.edu/~jcorso/r/labelprop.html).

For SegTrack data set (http://cpl.cc.gatech.edu/projects/SegTrack/) and Gatech 
data set (http://www.cc.gatech.edu/cpl/projects/videosegmentation/), please 
download the data sets from the above links and set them up exactly same as 
Chen's data set (if you want to include the comparative results on them). Note, 
all the frame files are in ppm format and numbering start from "00001.ppm".  
Please put them in the paths "./Data-set/All_Data_100_240X160_SegTrack/" and 
"./Data-set/All_Data_100_240X160_Gatech/" according to the video names.

If you are using SegTrack and Gatech data set, please also consider to cite 
their papers. Alternatively, you can use Chen's data set solely. For the detail 
of the three data sets, please see our CVPR 2012 paper.



2. PREPARING YOUR RESULTS FOR USE WITH THE BENCHMARK

The supervoxel outputs for your method need to be stored as ppm/png files with each 
supervoxel colored as a unique RGB value.  See our example output in the 
auxiliary download of our CVPR 2012 results that includes the full outputs of 
our evaluation (http://www.cse.buffalo.edu/~jcorso/extdelivery/libsvx_example_full.tar.bz).

The benchmark code assume that you are able to provide supervoxel outputs on a 
video for a range of supervoxels-per-video, which we have set to x_min = 200 
and x_max = 900.  The variation over this range is used to generate the curves 
found in our paper.  You should sample results for at least every hundred 
(roughly) supervoxels (i.e., 200, 300, 400, ...).  These numbers can be rough; 
we use a linear interpolation scheme to compute the values for the curve (the 
more samples between x_min and x_max, the better the curve).  Note, you need to 
provide some sample at or below x_min, and at or above x_max.

The benchmark code assumes that your results are organized in a certain 
directory structure.  We explain it now for Chen's data set; the other two data 
sets are analogous.

Let the root path of your results for Chen's data set be ROOT.

The 8 videos in the root path.
  ROOT/bus
  ROOT/container
  ROOT/garden
  ROOT/ice
  ROOT/paris
  ROOT/salesman
  ROOT/soccer
  ROOT/stefan

The results for one video are put in different folders with the supervoxel 
number as the name in this example. 
  ROOT/bus/150
  ROOT/bus/227
  ...
  ROOT/bus/905

The segmentation results of one video with one particular supervoxel number
  ROOT/bus/150/00001.ppm
  ...
  ROOT/bus/150/00085.ppm




3. RUN THE BENCHMARK SOFTWARE

To run the benchmark software properly, you need to config and run "EVALUATION.m". 

You are able to run only one of the three data sets at a time.  The full set of 
possible metrics are computed based on which of the three data sets you have 
selected.

If you set the x_max to be higher than 900, the processing will take more time.  
Be patient.  In our results, the GBH and SWA can produce outputs with thousands 
of supervoxels per video; these took a few hours to run through the benchmark.  
You can speed up the processing by open "matlabpool".

You can check the number of supervoxel by using Function 
"./code/read_video_supervoxels.m".
number of supervoxel = size(sv_list, 1)

Sample Results:  The full set of benchmark results from our CVPR 2012 paper are 
included at "XuCorso_CVPR2012_mat"

Testing:  The full set of segmentation results from our CVPR 2012 paper, which were used to generate the scores in "XuCorso_CVPR2012_mat" are available upon request (because it is a large 1.1GB file and we cannot support widespread download of it).  Email us and we'll point you to it.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXTENSIONS/DISCUSSIONS

The benchmark algorithms can be adapted to different video resolutions and data 
sets.  Contact us for more information.

Also note the 2D metrics are included in this software but were not included in 
the CVPR 2012 paper.


